Migration to Google Cloud Life Sciences v2beta from v2alpha1 [BA-6057] (#5386)
broadinstitute/cromwell: CHANGELOG.md

+ Fix a bug where zip files with directories could not be imported. 
  For example a zip with `a.wdl` and `b.wdl` could be imported but one with `sub_workflows/a.wdl` 
  and `imports/b.wdl` could not.

> ### Migration from Google Cloud Genomics v2alpha1 to Google Cloud Life Sciences v2beta

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adding support for Google Cloud Genomics v2beta
```
The "m" word (migration) scares the crap out of certain users and may lead to FUD & support questions around this version of Cromwell.

Author: Ok, but should we keep calling it Genomics instead of Life Sciences?

Reviewer: Good catch, that's my mistake authoring the suggestion. "Google Cloud Life Sciences v2beta" is definitely right.

Cromwell now supports running workflows using Google Cloud Life Sciences v2beta API in addition to Google Cloud Genomics v2alpha1. 
More information about migration to the new API from v2alpha1 
[here](https://cromwell.readthedocs.io/en/stable/backends/Google#migration-from-google-cloud-genomics-v2alpha1-to-google-cloud-life-sciences-v2beta). 
* **Note** Google Cloud Life Sciences is the new name for newer versions of Google Cloud Genomics

> * **Note** Support for Google Cloud Genomics v2alpha1 may be removed in future versions of Cromwell 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Note** Support for Google Cloud Genomics v2alpha1 will be removed in a future version of Cromwell. Advance notice will be provided.
```
